Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
Wow. it's so hot in here!
JEALOUSY. they should at least put a few holes in here
So we can breathe. Even if it's just a little. right?
- Chunco. concentrate. - Yes.
I love you when I'm six. okay?
Yes. yes. yes.
It's the helmet member. I want them ready to break in.
- Who are we? - Special forces!
- What do we do? - Kill the enemy!
-What's stopping us? - Not even death can stop us!
-What if it surprises us? -Bring it on!
Eight point four.
Hey. Chinola. keep the men going.
Delta. give me security up top.
- Who are we? - Special forces!
- So what do we do? - Kill the enemy!
Open.
- And what's stopping us? - Not even death can stop us!
-What if it surprises us? -Bring it on!
They're right in front of you.
I am not what I am meant to be!
Okay.
I am not what I want to be!
Your.
Damn. what luck!
But thank you. Command!
Because it's not what it used to be!
Special forces!
- Army! - Contact. contact!
- Get down. get down. get down! - Put your weapons down!
- Get down! - Put your weapon down!
Get down. you bastard!
Still!
Get down!
I told you I was going to screw you over. didn't I?
♪ Today. I feel like pure. The toughest ♪
Hey! Hey!
Move aside!
♪ The toughest one ♪
Oh. look at that!
Calm down. Chunco!
Chunco. Chunco! But it's good that every time
If you need something. you come with me. right?
- He can't even send an email. - Once!
-Once? - That was once.
Okay. kids! Then they'll pull their ears.
I'm very proud of you all.
- Thank you. Captain. - Let's celebrate. lads!
Shadow!
♪ I feel like pure ♪
How many times did I tell him we were going to screw him over?
-Didn't I tell you? - Only a billion times.
Ah. so that he wouldn't forget.
Either way. we have to screw over the whole thing.
Hey!
So. didn't we cut off the toad's head?
- Fiber! - Sáquese!
-Fiber! -Fiber!
He is awarded the medal for military merit.
to Captain Toro and his team.
for the capture of Hector Luna. leader of the death squad
most bloodthirsty in the history of our country.
Please. Captain.
May I? I have a few words to say.
It's always a pleasure to see colleagues
with whom I have had the privilege of serving.
But we're Special Forces. gentlemen.
Only one in every thousand soldiers
Anyone who wants to belong to this group. succeeds.
It is our duty to ensure the safety of this country.
Do you think that on this occasion
Have we fulfilled our duty?
Because if the answer is yes.
I remind you that Hector Luna was also a military man.
Many of you are older than you are.
Trafficking our weapons
and protected by men in the same uniform.
If they've already forgotten. I haven't.
I'm here to tell you that my team and I.
We will not stop until we find all those involved.
with Hector Luna. regardless of his rank.
Those who know us know that we're going to do it.
With speed. surprise. and violence.
Colonel!
- Mrs. Estrada. - Colonel.
I didn't know he was also a speaker.
Well. one has his talents. my colonel.
And then?
Do we start hunting down soldiers or...?
Well. only for the sly ones.
Very well. a firm hand. Count me in.
Enjoy your vacation.
That?
You haven't even congratulated me.
Ya te felicité.
Is that... is that how you do it?
♪ It's five in the morning And I haven't slept a wink ♪
♪ Thinking of your beauty. I'm going crazy ♪
♪ Insomnia is my punishment. Your love will be my relief ♪
♪ And until you're mine... ♪
You love it. don't deny it.
I bet you even brought your little medal.
♪ ...not handsome And I know he doesn't love you ♪
Decorated and in a bikini.
- ♪ But I will be patient... ♪ - Yellow.
Jump then.
- Sing it to me. - ♪ No... ♪
♪ It's not love ♪
♪ What you feel ♪
♪ It's called obsession ♪
♪ An illusion ♪
Did he never tell you what happened in Escobedo in 2018?
Look. I'm going to tell you something.
- Should I tell him? - Tell me.
Should I tell you?
- No. don't do it. - Look. here you go.
Don't do it. Knowing you.
- I think you already told him. - Look what I'm going to tell him.
He tells you everything. right?
Hey. Alicia. I'm going to tell you something.
Let's talk about... about your daughter because...
- Behave yourself. Estrada. - Please.
- Good. pretty good. - The girl is doing very well.
- I see her doing well. she's growing. - Where did she go?
She's mischievous. she's in that stage.
- She's with my mother-in-law right now. - Yes.
I have to be the one to put the little girl in.
He's on his guard because he acts demanding. but...
He lets her do whatever she wants.
Well. my love. I do what I can.
I thought going to the mountains was difficult.
Raising a girl is tough.
What about you? A family...
a little one for Inés. right?
Shadow.
Pull the bottle that's over there.
They don't even notice.
Don't start. Captain.
It's already started.
Tell your husband to break a rule.
at least to know what it feels like.
No. no. thank you.
So that he can continue to be captain at what age. 70?
¡Uf!
- That one hurt. - What's wrong. Captain?
58. around there?
- I'm going to turn... - He's almost 49.
- Okay. - Thanks.
And he still hasn't moved up in the rankings.
Oh my god. my dear friend. he's really hitting me hard today.
I have someone to defend me. you bastard.
- Well. cheers. - Cheers.
For the pleasure of being together.
For my wife.
Cheers to you and me.
I've never dived. have you?
There's a little boat that takes you to an island.
Supposedly 30 minutes away.
It's not expensive. eh.
Shall we go?
We went back and tried again.
Let's go.
Where to. then?
Right where you said.
Sometimes it's not so bad to take your head out of your ass. huh?
Where are you going?
With Miguel.
Come on. come on.
He's in the pool.
He's not ovulating. you bastard.
Let's just go for a little while.
Take the key in case I fall asleep.
- 'It's beautiful. isn't it? - To give it your all.'
And what about that pedicure?
She was my daughter.
Don't you want one?
Are you not painting them yourself?
Try it.
It might even make him look younger.
On Monday I need you to accompany me to the general's.
Give us the files on all the bastards.
who worked for Luna.
I know him.
I knew he had something on his mind.
What does he want? Well. we have to stir up a hornet's nest.
He's agitated.
Didn't he just declare war on the entire top brass?
Doesn't he want to rest. to enjoy his wife?
We need to get rid of Luna's problem at its root. now.
Now that things are hot. why wait?
Go to your wife and lock yourself in.
What's going on?
¿Miguel?
Please don't scare me. Tell me!
Go into that room and put something against the door.
Fast!
Ali...! Alice!
¡Alicia!
Calm.
¿Alicia?
Here I am.
I'm here with you.
I love you.
Show me your satanic power once and for all !
What are you doing. Estrada?
Shadow!
I'll buy you a beer!
With one of these. I sleep eight hours.
How is your head doing?
GOOD.
And what about those outfits?
I dress up to see him and nothing.
Shadow. until we know what criminal network is behind Luna.
We have to stay holed up.
Hang in there for a few more months. Antiquity.
- Did you find out what I asked for? - There's no file on the killer.
The strangest thing is where Luna is.
In the military field.
And has it really been there all this time?
If he goes out. they're going to catch him. Antiquity.
Well then. question him yourself.
Get all the soup out of him. who wanted me dead?
They're not going to let me get near him.
Where there's a will. there's a way.
That's not what it's about.
Just having it tucked away puts me at risk.
And what do Lola and Aurelio say?
Young people. you bring good luck.
After a great banquet. a good bill.
I've got winning numbers. A series. a little bit.
What can I offer you? Come on!
- Not right now. thank you. - Young man?
- Thanks. buddy. - Excuse me.
♪ Don't say I wasn't there ♪
♪ At that woman's house ♪
Dispute!
I'll answer you when I'm on my way.
What is your fear. Antiquity?
♪ She got married again ♪
What.
three thousand pesos.
- I already told you no. - Take them.
I'm fine.
I already told him. I'm fine.
Take care of yourself.
Rest.
Would you rest if you were in my place?
♪ He never knew what... ♪
I'll come see him in a month.
Don't expose yourself. don't be foolish.
Shadow!
Thank you.
♪ And I adored her to the point of ruin ♪
♪ It was so much love ♪
♪ The one who professed love for him ♪
Holy shit!
♪ And he repaid me with a damn betrayal ♪
Hey! Come on.
What do you say. young man? Did you decide to go for it?
Look. I have winning numbers. The triple eight.
It's the winning number.
I can offer you a series. a little bit.
- Cheer up. young man. Look. - Give me everything.
Everything?
That's fine.
- Thank you very much. young man. - Have a good trip.
♪ Pour the drinks then To drown this betrayal ♪
♪ Little one ♪
Let's get out of here. Estrada.
Well. let's hope this blockade
not to affect traffic in the city.
Okay. Kari. tell us. You have some great news.
Great news!
The National Lottery continues its search
to the winner of the biggest prize in its history.
One billion pesos.
What would you do with one billion pesos?
It's an amount that can't even be counted.
Do you know what the winning number is?
The winning number is two.
five. eight...
All good?
I withdraw it.
Yesterday I came and left a jacket here. on this table.
- Did you see her? - She didn't come yesterday.
He came on Tuesday.
But did you see the jacket? An orange one.
All I saw was the owner putting him in a taxi.
And you were very ill.
A taxi?
We are now closed.
- I left a jacket in the taxi. - We're already closed!
- I won't be long. - Hey. hey. hey.
Ephraim!
Wasn't this the guy who peed on your car the other day?
If you give him a chance to search
I don't know what's wrong with your car.
Fuck him.
Hey. asshole.
What don't you understand?
We're already closed. buddy.
So you better go for it.
I'm just here for the jacket.
I don't give a fuck about your fucking jacket.
Hey. you bastard. didn't you hear?
No. no. no!
Please don't do this to me! Please!
And you too.
No. no. no! My leg!
- Inés. - I've suffered enough!
So what's the agreement? Come here.
Don't burn my things.
Well then. get to work doing something useful.
Jiu-jitsu for example.
-Yes. sir! - Ah...
Put that back where you got it.
I'm going to beat them.
Did you see. Captain?
- It's your turn to pull. - He doesn't like to lose.
And now we go to our reporter who is outside
from the lottery building to get a first look
with the luckiest person today.
- You're a millionaire! - How are you?
Swollen but...
Can you give me an interview. Carlos?
Will he continue living here in the city?
Thank you. here we are with Carlos Estrada.
So. tell us. Carlos.
What does it feel like to be the luckiest man in the country?
GOOD.
What do you think of people who lose everything?
after winning the lottery?
Well... how lucky. right?
And so many things to do with this award.
What have you planned?
Are you going to donate something. go on a trip?
¿Carlos?
Tell us.
I'm going to...
I'm going to use all this money to find
and fuck all the sons of bitches.
responsible for the murder of my wife. Alicia...
Dear audience. please excuse the interruption.
As you know. live television
It's very unpredictable.
But I hope you'll stay with us while we're broadcasting.
the biggest prize in the history of the National Lottery.
You knew he was alive. and you didn't tell me?
You two just don't understand.
Forgive me. Edith.
I promise I'll take care of them.
Louder!
- One! - One!
-Two! -Two!
-Three! -Three!
-Four! -Four!
Five! Five!
-One! -One!
-Two! -Two!
-Three! -Three!
-Four! -Four!
Five! Five!
-One! -One!
My colonel.
-Three! -Three!
-Four! -Four!
Has Estrada contacted you yet?
One two three!
In addition.
I have the impression that this is not the first time
that you communicate with these months.
- Four! - Or so?
Five!
- One! - One!
-Two! -Two!
-Three! -Three!
Speak with confidence.
Five!
- One. two. three! - I hid it.
Four. five!
I didn't tell anyone for safety reasons.
I would have done the same for my seniority.
When is he going to start his war?
That's a question for my Antiquity.
But who does he have his sights set on?
I have my list.
And I can share it with you.
I haven't spoken to him again.
One two three!
Just be careful. Diaz.
He's playing with fire.
Don't let it burn.
One. two. three. four. five!
One. two...!
Hello.
What are you doing here?
It's great to see you too.
Who the hell would come to my house?
What do you want. for me to go my own way?
Mom. I can't find my boots!
I'll help you find them now.
- Little chick! - Hello!
- I've brought you a gift. - Let me see.
So you can see that I didn't forget your birthday.
I don't like these dolls.
Let's pack our suitcase.
Ven.
My love. please. Find your boots. okay?
¿Quihubo?
- But thank you! - You're welcome!
Can you believe you won the lottery?
What do you think?
The first shipment of toys is coming.
Start requesting leave. we're going all out. okay?
Edith is taking the girl because I'm not going to put them at risk.
Perfect.
So he can't count me in.
So it doesn't work?
How much do you want. Antiquity?
Ten million. 20?
- You tell me how much you want. - Don't offend me.
You know that's not what it's about.
Have you spoken with Aurelio and Lola yet?
They do pull.
Yes. they are loyal.
Take care. Shadow.
You fucking idiot.
Relax. okay?
Just because you're clumsy doesn't mean they'll take your uniform away.
Did the Captain write to you too?
Yeah.
He says he's very disappointed in you.
who is not invited this time.
Because I'm not a climber. like you.
Wow!
No. I was hungry. Captain.
It's not for me.
I asked them for everything that was in the letter.
But I think it was too much.
Who eats this?
Lucky you. Commando.
Are you trying to pull the wool over our eyes or what?
There's some truth to that.
Grab whatever you want.
No. Captain. you have saved my life.
It's not about money.
Chunco. learn to take it. you bastard.
It's yours.
Well. if you already know there's action.
You call me. I'll come with you. Captain.
I know and I thank you very much.
And where is Miguel?
That guy is worthless.
She has never had her priorities straight.
What? So he hasn't called her?
I don't need to talk to him.
Right now it's just going to delay us.
And how do you want us to get Luna out?
The uniforms have arrived.
Did you get the people I asked for?
Yes. Captain.
Of the gaffes.
It wasn't easy to find two retirees.
And the other command?
Go and look into the vehicle.
Shouldn't I have been here an hour ago?
Chunco stayed behind.
Well. Chunco bombarded us with all this in less than two days.
It's green.
And do you really think they have Luna in there?
Did he get scared to infiltrate the parade or what?
It's the perfect distraction.
I have never heard of any prisoner
to those who have been in a military camp for more than six months.
Luna is not just any prisoner.
We have to get it out before they move it.
Didn't they like the color or what?
What did I ask him for?
I asked him for a tactical vehicle.
- A truck. - Yes. but the cheap one.
The crooked armored trucks were until December.
I received this one with immediate delivery.
It's armored. Well. sort of.
Okay! With this one. we'll go unnoticed.
The truth is. I'd always wanted to buy one of these.
I bring the best barbecue.
With the green sauce that my Antigüedad likes.
Oh! You don't like chili. do you?
Chunco.
Let's go get Luna. you bastards!
In position.
- I'm still in phase two. - Stop!
Three.
Yes!
We break up.
Secretive.
Take it easy.
Keep walking. handsome.
Nothing's happening here.
Report. Aurelio.
Come on. come on.
- Aurelio. - Yes. almost.
- Circuit released. - Done.
You stay there.
I want it clean.
Your gift is coming.
♪ Sadness ♪
♪ That I carry you woven into my skin ♪
♪ Like a silhouette ♪
♪ Sadness ♪
♪ I'm not even asking you ♪
How they suffer here!
♪ Forever ♪
Who the hell are you?
-What is this? - Your lucky day.
Oh!
Alright. alright. alright. you faggot!
Get out of here. you bastard!
Hector. what the hell is this?
Let me go!
Let me go. Let me go. you bitch!
- You again. you damn fool? - What the hell do you want?
¡Ey!
Please identify yourself.
Come with me.
Command. the flying one has already hit us.
They're coming! Let's go. they're coming!
They're all going to get screwed. you idiots!
Come in!
Do something!
For you!
So you think you're so awesome?
Go fuck yourself right now. you idiot!
Hector!
Hector. do something!
Holy shit!
I said I clean. you idiot.
You give these bastards their money right now.
I don't want to see them again.
Five million does weigh a lot.
I already made sure he understood. my captain.
Let's go. then.
Are you stupid or what?
You have very little time left before they come for me.
You're going to tell me everything you know. you bastard.
Yes. of course.
Do you have somewhere to write?
Holy shit!
Don't cry. daddy. Don't cry.
Just tell me what her name is.
What is the name of the person who murdered my wife?
I don't know.
¡Puf!
Why did they want to kill me?
Who works with you?
I don't know his name.
All I know is that he's someone just like us.
Made of the same stuff.
Just like you and me.
What's his name? Who knows?
- Who do you take orders from? - I don't know anything.
- You wouldn't understand. - What's his name?
It took me an hour to get you out of the barracks.
Do you think I can't find your family and your children?
That's it! Why don't you bring them here and cut their throats?
How did they cut your mom's hair?
Stupid!
Shooter!
Come out. come out. come out!
Below!
¡Lola!
Come on. Lola!
Change!
Move forward!
Muévanse!
I'm coming!
Let's go. get in!
Let's go!
Speed ​​up!
-Did they follow you? - No!
"Think! Did they follow you?" "No. they didn't follow me!"
Clear ahead. clear ahead!
Where did these bastards come from? Holy shit!
Careful!
Captain. are you alright?
I just went for some damn tacos.
Pay attention behind.
- Let's go to the mansion. - That squad was really intense.
He moved like a Green Beret.
It's the same bastard!
Here it comes. here it comes. here it comes!
Damn!
Clear ahead. clear ahead!
Careful!
Get us out of here. Captain!
Holy shit. go to hell!
- ¡Dele. dele. dele! - ¡Ya!
Give me the candle!
¡Spirit. spirit. spirit!
It's getting closer. it's getting closer!
- Put it? -C-4!
Throw money away!
That?
Everything!
♪ I've got him happy. I am... ♪
What did he do? Did he kill them?
This is a mansion. isn't it?
And what is Luna's relationship with this guy?
I took the jacuzzi room. huh?
That bastard is a jinx.
- Like us. - You're kidding me.
- Check the file. - Yes. I'm working on it.
It must come from the Pacific. like the Moon.
If Luna is disposable... So is the killer.
Look.
They changed the passwords again.
It can only be accessed from the inside.
We need to get back into arms.
We need to go to the other unit for more toys and money.
- Let Chunco go. - They're both going!
Who's going to cover for me. Antiquity?
And I talk to Miguel about the file.
Ey.
I have three days of franchise left.
Trust him. everything will be alright. he knows what he's doing.
Are you going to show up on the field?
I have to.
They want to send me to the jungle next week.
To the jungle?
Road?
Road.
What do you want?
What the hell does he want?
I need it to go with its seniority. the one from the file.
No. you're wrong. You're not in a position to ask me for anything.
You entered the field and killed two of ours.
These things happen.
Don't try to make a fool of me.
¿Mhm?
I did exactly what I had to do.
'It's good.
Well. count me out.
How quickly he forgot about brotherhood.
Mysticism.
Who saved him on the beach?
Who hid him in the mountains? Wasn't it me. you bastard?
Yeah.
And I would thank him if I'd had the guts.
- to help me get Luna out. -And what about my family?
Going with you is desertion.
It's a prison.
And I'm not going to hang up my uniform. not for you. not for anyone.
We are?
My Shadow was Twelve Years!
Alicia's killer is a Special Forces member.
Aren't you going to do anything? Don't be a coward.
What will your daughter say?
Ten minutes. my captain.
What are you doing carrying out missions on your own?
I just found Alicia Estrada's killer. my colonel.
You have always been a cautious and disciplined soldier
But he's still captain.
Why do you think that?
Could it be that he doesn't know where to focus his attention?
Do you see my generals there?
They know that you were the one who hid Estrada.
It seems they now want to send him north.
Reason for discharge there and if so.
He doesn't see his wife or daughter for more than three days a year.
Or maybe they'll send him to the mountains.
where they beheaded an entire troop.
I value you.
How long have we known each other. ten years?
But there he is. still chasing after this person.
instead of doing his job. and that makes it very difficult to defend him.
That person he's talking about
He killed my captain's wife.
Captain who entered this field
and he killed his people.
Think.
What would you do with an insubordinate captain who kills two soldiers?
Or a millionaire
buying weapons on the black market.
Handing out bribes and bullets to anyone who crosses their path?
Wouldn't I go for him?
Wouldn't stopping him be their priority?
What are you here for if not to uphold the law?
The captain must be arrested.
That's the right thing to do.
Are you going to the killer's address. Captain?
Let's go.
I have to go back to the countryside.
They want to transfer me to the jungle; I have to request a leave of absence.
What the hell is he going to do if they don't give it to him?
I would have to cancel my subscription.
Well. everyone has their own priorities. Command.
I am with you. Commander.
You are like family to me.
Thank you. my lizard.
How did it go?
What did he see?
Now they're going after Miguel.
Search for Aurelio.
Antique.
And your family? Are they okay?
This dog already has them in his sights. Shadow.
They're fine.
They are far away.
Nothing will happen to them.
-Did you find that guy? - The bastard wasn't there.
Come with us to the mansion.
No. no. no.
Why don't we meet at our usual place and talk?
Just you and me.
I have new intelligence.
Until he dared to break the rules. huh?
Just for you. Shadow.
I'm with you.
It's not necessary.
I go in and out.
♪ Oh ♪
♪ It's not love ♪
- How are you? - Captain.
♪ What you feel ♪
- Thank you. - Go ahead.
♪ It's called obsession ♪
Can you please turn off that crap music?
♪ An illusion ♪
♪ In your thoughts ♪
♪ That makes you do things ♪
♪ This is how the heart works ♪
He's already at the meeting point.
Tell him he's ten minutes late.
Four-four.
There's a problem with your leave.
Lieutenant.
He is wanted by the high command.
Can I have your gun?
Please.
Where are we going?
Welcome!
My colonel.
You hadn't come here to my offices. had you?
¡Mhm!
I'm told he had a family problem.
that they want to cancel it. Is that true?
Yes.
How curious.
Two high-ranking members of the Special Forces. one
requesting days off.
The other one wants to hang up his uniform.
Don't tell me you don't know Lieutenant Dolores Ramirez.
I didn't know he was on vacation.
It's their antiquity. isn't it?
And you don't know when he's coming to the field?
Lieutenant Dolores is not the most communicative person.
Could it be that they are helping Estrada?
¡Ey!
Why don't we do something?
You tell me who is working with Estrada.
I've already changed it. I'll do you the favor of deactivating it.
without charging him with a single crime.
I'm not going to offer it to him again.
Tell me what you know.
I will not betray my captain.
What we do for our Antiques.
Where are we?
Don't worry.
Captain!
Come on. come on!
Below!
¡Lola!
Hang in there. Lola.
Hang in there. Lola!
Hang in there. girl! Hang in there!
¡Lola!
Hang in there. Lola!
¡Ey!
Pass me by...
What are you doing here? Please leave!
You cannot be here!
Outside. please. You can't be here.
What happened to him? How is he? Tell me how he is!
Please. one moment. You can't be here.
What the hell is he doing here?
Didn't you hear me?
Hello. Colonel.
Did you see what you did to Lola. you idiot?
She was the colonel.
- Listen to me... - Listen to me. you son of a bitch.
- Listen to me... - You're screwed.
He tried to kill me just like you.
She hired Alicia's killer; she's in cahoots with one.
I'm sure.
You were my shadow.
And you betrayed me.
Take that damn thing off.
That would be nice.
That shit. I did my job.
Antiquity. I did my job.
Heard.
Lower that.
I did my job.
As you taught me.
Do you swear that what you're saying is true?
Let's go for it.
It was about time.
- Hi. Dad. - How are you?
What are you going to buy me? A surprise?
Yes my love.
See you soon. okay?
Can you put your mom on?
Mother!
Go.
What happened?
You've got that face.
We'll see you here in a few days. okay?
Yeah.
I'll bring you your slippers.
Yes. and Inés's shampoo.
And Inés's shampoo.
We love you.
Me to you.
I don't know how he does it. but he always comes out alive.
That's what happens when people are following you around.
He doesn't know how to do his job properly.
Why don't you ask your wife if I know how to do my job?
Why the hell don't we just end this once and for all?
You set the date.
you set the time.
And I would gladly take his life.
Today.
Just do me a favor.
Bring your little friend.
I want to see his face.
Oh!
It's like you're missing some furniture. Estrada.
Go and beat the shit out of them.
Will the car leave it here?
Don't let them steal it.
Who the hell is going to dare to steal this thing from me?
Well. before the lottery.
It's not like I had much luck. is it?
What happened to Alicia wasn't luck.
I swallowed those scorpions whole.
I declared war on everyone.
If he hadn't been thinking about me.
I would have kept her.
Taking care of her.
The thing is. you've always been
You're so damn selfish. Captain.
But you know what?
I value it just the same.
And a whole lot.
Like my own family.
Also.
Thank you for being here.
And forgive me for getting you involved in this.
So what. Shadow?
Are you ready to kick our asses?
Ey.
Attention.
Damn!
I'm going to make her suffer. my Chunco.
I've never liked elevators.
♪ The King of Swing ♪
Below!
♪ In a tropical setting ♪
♪ Cyclopes! ♪
Hell yeah!
♪ The King of Swing ♪
♪ You are the King of Swing ♪
♪ The lady is on fire! ♪
♪ Nena ♪
♪ She breathes fire ♪
♪ To the seven seas ♪
I'm telling you. you just never get tired of losing.
And what happened to your snitch friend?
Did they kill him?
Look at all the people who have died because of you.
for your revenge.
People you swore to protect.
Your wife.
Your Antiques.
Where has your loyalty gone?
Love for the uniform. the mystique.
You're talking to me about mysticism?
All this to move a few weapons and protect Luna.
I know you think I'm a criminal. but you know what?
It is my responsibility to hold the reins of crime.
What you haven't understood. my naive little soldier.
The fact is that the State has the monopoly on force.
And it must be exercised.
And they call me arrogant.
You and Luna are nothing more than two sly ones
trying to be clever.
Goodbye. Estrada.
Do you think he was satisfied with his revenge?
Sure.
Well. I hope that was the case for at least a minute.
He wiped them all out.
Also with us.
There's your part. Shadow.
Today we begin.
You and I.
♪ Some ♪
♪ Modern Theologians and Scientists ♪
♪ They have tried to strip God of his power ♪
♪ From its warmth ♪
♪ This is voice... ♪
♪ I am not of evolution ♪
♪ I'm not related to the monkey ♪
♪ They say we are nothing ♪
♪ I am not of evolution! ♪
♪ I'm not related to the monkey! ♪
♪ They say we are nothing ♪
♪ This is voice... ♪
♪ I am not of evolution ♪
♪ I'm not related to the monkey ♪
♪ They say we are nothing ♪
♪ They say we are nothing! ♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm